Built in functions - 

print()
input()
len()

Python also comes with set of Modules called Standard libraries. 
Each module is a Python program that contains a related group of functions that can be embedded in your programs.
e.g. math,random

Before you can use the functions in a module, you must import the module with an import statement. In code, an import statement consists of the following:

- The import keyword
- The name of the module
- Optionally, more module names, as long as they are separated by commas

When you save your Python scripts, take care not to give them a name that is used by one of Python’s modules, such as random.py, sys.py, os.py, or math.py.

Since randint() is in the random module, you must first type random. in front of the function name to tell Python to look for this function inside the random module.

impot the module 

import random

import random, sys, os, math

random.randint(1,10) - randint() is not a built in function. It only exists in random module. That's why we need to import random module to use randint function. 

Bunch of moduls in Python standard librarys

An alternative form of the import statement is composed of the from keyword, followed by the module name, the import keyword, and a star; for example, from random import *. With this form of import statement, calls to functions in random will not need the random. prefix. However, using the full name makes for more readable code, so it is better to use the import random form of the statement.

from random improt * -> will import every moduls in random module. 
randint(1,10) --> No need to use random.randint(1,10) syntax. 
It is recomended to use module.function() syntax. 


How to terminate program early?
sys.exit()

Install third party modules using pip program.

Beyond the standard library of modules packaged with Python, other developers have written their own modules to extend Python’s capabilities even further. The primary way to install third-party modules is to use Python’s pip tool. This tool securely downloads and installs Python modules onto your computer from https://pypi.python.org/, the website of the Python Software Foundation. PyPI, or the Python Package Index, is a sort of free app store for Python modules.

The executable file for the pip tool is called pip on Windows and pip3 on OS X and Linux.
On Windows, you can find pip at C:\Python34\Scripts\pip.exe.

While pip comes automatically installed with Python 3.4 on Windows and OS X, you must install it separately on Linux. To install pip3 on Ubuntu or Debian Linux, open a new Terminal window and enter sudo apt-get install python3-pip. To install pip3 on Fedora Linux, enter sudo yum install python3-pip into a Terminal window. You will need to enter the administrator password for your computer in order to install this software.

The pip tool is meant to be run from the command line: You pass it the command install followed by the name of the module you want to install. For example, on Windows you would enter pip install ModuleName, where ModuleName is the name of the module. On OS X and Linux, you’ll have to run pip3 with the sudo prefix to grant administrative privileges to install the module. You would need to type sudo pip3 install ModuleName.

If you already have the module installed but would like to upgrade it to the latest version available on PyPI, run pip install –U ModuleName (or pip3 install –U ModuleName on OS X and Linux).

After installing the module, you can test that it installed successfully by running import ModuleName in the interactive shell. If no error messages are displayed, you can assume the module was installed successfully.

pip install send2trash

pip install requests

pip install beautifulsoup4

pip install selenium

pip install openpyxl==2.1.4

pip install PyPDF2

pip install python-docx (install python-docx, not docx)

pip install imapclient

pip install pyzmail

pip install twilio

pip install pillow

pip install pyobjc-core (on OS X only)

pip install pyobjc (on OS X only)

pip install python3-xlib (on Linux only)

pip install pyautogui

